1-
REST (Representational state transfer) is a software architecture style
which essentially exploits existing Web technology and protocols. 
in exchanges of JSON documents with a client via HTTP. 

RESTful is generally used to refer to Web services implementing a REST architecture (such as an API), 
in another sense it describes the use of the REST architecture.


2- I would say that the style of the Web API has been very influenced by the REST architectural concept. 
and shares many of its constraints such as URIs, representations and the HTTP protocol. 
To be more technical in explaining the creation of the WEB API, I will represent it as follows: 

a- We have our mobile application and a web page that represents our different clients making a request to either
DELETE, PUT, GET, or POST on our PLC controller.
b- The data arrive in XML format on the API controller via the Http method for formatting and verification of the data. 
before interrogating the server.
c- Immediately after verification, the controller uses the API server link to query the server with an HTTPS method.
d- Thus the server application returns a result in HTTP to the API controller and the data is formatted in XML.
e- Long afterwards, the controller returns the result promised to the customer in JSON format.
g- Finally the client waiting for a promise, makes an asynchronous asynchronous to retrieve the JSON chart and read it according to the
language used.


3- Here are some explanations of the different methods of HTTP requests used with the RESTful web to my knowledge the most used:
	- GET: Default method of the HTTP client, it is used to retrieve only data from a server. It is
		advised to use a specific resource e.g. server ID 12 to avoid retrieving an entire list
	- POST: This method stores the data in the body of the HTTP request for an update to the API server, typically
		used to create resources without an identifier, for example in the submission of a web form.
	- PUT: And a method similar to POST but also using a GET specification. Thus it allows to create or
		to update an existing entity. Like the TEP it will be necessary to transfer the request ID to the BOOK, in order to
		that the same result where POST will create more than one.
	- DELETE: Deletes the resource from the server. The ID of the resource to be deleted will have to be transmitted to avoid deleting
		  all the data in the database. 
	- HEAD: This is a request with no side-effects on the server that returns only the response headers. In other words
		term it's a GET without a body.
	-CONNECT: This method establishes a network connection to a server via a proxy to transmit HTTP requests over TCP.
		With this method we get the famous 200 response (connection established).

4- It is important to know that stateless and stateful protocols are the network protocols for Web servers and Web browsers. 
The difference on the server side depends on the way the session information is recorded. For this I will only quote 
a few important points:
- On the processing of a transaction: in the stateless log no information is kept while 
in the protocol with status, information on the status of the latter is retained.
- On the server: the stateless protocol has no close dependency between the client and the server, and in the stateless protocol, the information on the state of the stateless protocol is kept. 
there is a close dependency between client and server. That's why in Stateless it doesn't need the server. 
to keep server information or session details for itself, and that a server is required in the state 
to maintain current status and session information.
- On type: stateless protocols are network type (HTTP, DNS, UDP) and stateful protocols are
transfer type (FTP, Telnet).
- In transactions: in stateless protocols the transaction is managed very quickly by the server, while in 
stateful protocols are the server that is slow.

HTTP is stateless or stateless.


5- GET is used to retrieve data sent via a URL without danger or modification of the data 
even if you make multiple calls on the same request.
POST is used to write data sent from the body of the request instead of the URL, one has it 
qualifies as non-secure because it can make multiple requests for identical postings.


6- When I'm stuck on a code problem, I first check if the language used is similar to another language than
I'm in better control. Then I will ask a colleague how he would approach the problem to avoid going to find solutions.
not necessarily optimal on the internet. In any case, I'll have to 